Pm 2.0 ga2 kim edits (#66)
mulesoft/docs-partner-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/ts-cannot-process-B2B.adoc

= Cannot process B2B transactions successfully

ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

> You are performing tests on the flow or when your partner sends you B2B messages and you determine that the transactions are not getting processed.

Reviewer: Standardize to simple present verb tense as much as possible.
```suggestion
When you perform tests on the flow or when your partner sends you B2B messages, the transactions are not processed.
```

== Causes

> 

Reviewer: NO TEXT?

== Solutions

> 

Reviewer: Empty head level?
Consider a snippet about there being two potential solutions and naming them before moving to a new head level.

Reviewer: Consider also mentioning here that message flow operations might take up to five minutes to deploy and that the first troubleshooting step might be to just wait.

> === Verify Flow configurations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Verify Flow Configurations
```

> Verify your message flow configuration to ensure it matches the configuration per your partner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Verify that your message flow configuration matches that of your partner:
```

Reviewer: GLOBALLY search for and reword the first part of Step 1 throughout this PR; I will stop rewording here.

> . From within your Anypoint Partner Manager environment (either Sandbox or Production) select your <Hostname> profile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. From within your sandbox or production Anypoint Partner Manager environment, select your <Hostname> profile.
```

. Select *Message Flows*.

> . Search for your message flow by the partner name or the message type such as 850.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Search for your message flow by partner name or message type (such as 850).
```

> . Once you locate the message flow, click on the message flow card to open it up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click on the message flow card to open it.
```

> . From the Message flow configurator, verify the following information per your agreement with your trading partner:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. From the message flow configurator, verify that the following information matches your agreement with your trading partner:
```

> ** The correct identifiers are associated with the trading partner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** The identifiers associated with your trading partner
```
Is there a reason we don't use something more precise, like "name"?

> ** The appropriate receive endpoint is configured in the flow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** The receive endpoint
```

> ** The appropriate document type (such as X12, version - 4010, message type - 850) is configured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** The document type (such as X12, version - 4010, message type - 850)
```

> ** Verify that you have the appropriate acknowledgment configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** The acknowledgment configuration
```

> ** Verify that you have an appropriate DataWeave map in the transformation section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** The DataWeave map in the transformation section
```

> ** Verify that you have configured an appropriate target such as both the message type of the target and the associated endpoint configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** The target message type and configuration
```

+

> . If all of these look good, then ensure that the last deployment for this flow was successful by viewing the latest deployment history on the right side of the flow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Verify that the most recent deployment of this message flow was successful by viewing the latest deployment history to the right of the flow.
```

> . If you observe a Failed status, try to deploy the message flow to ensure all your configurations have persisted on the Mule runtime apps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. If the deployment history indicates a failure, redeploy the message flow to ensure all your configurations have persisted on the Mule runtime apps.
```
Please doublecheck the meaning of this step and how it relates to the previous.

> NOTE: It can take a maximum interval of 5 minutes for your most recent changes to be effective on the runtime B2B Mule apps.

Reviewer: I think this information belongs elsewhere, unless you are referring only to the final step on this operation.

> === Verify B2B integration apps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Verify B2B Integration Apps
```

> Verify that your B2B integration apps are active.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Verify that your B2B integration apps are active:
```

> . From the Anypoint platform, select Anypoint Runtime Manager and *Applications*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. From Anypoint Platform, select Anypoint Runtime Manager and *Applications*.
```

> . Verify that the B2B apps on the Mule Runtime are active by looking for a status of `started`. The list of apps includes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Verify that all B2B apps listed show a status of `started`. The list of apps includes:
```

** APIReplicationService

** DocumentProcessingService

> ** One or more inbound apps. The names of these apps are prefaced with inbound-

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** One or more inbound apps
The names of these apps begin with `inbound-`.
```

> ** One or more outbound apps. The names of these apps are prefaced with outbound-

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** One or more outbound apps
The names of these apps begin with `outbound-`.
```

> ** There may be one or more acknowledgment apps. The names of these apps are prefaced with ack-

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** Optionally, one or more acknowledgment apps
The names of these apps begin with `ack-`.
```

+

> . If any of the B2B integration apps do not have a started status, from the Anypoint platform, select Anypoint Runtime Manager and *Applications*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. If any of the B2B integration apps do not show `started` as their status, from Anypoint Platform, select Anypoint Runtime Manager and *Applications*.
```

. For each app that does not have started status, select its row in the table and select *Restart* from the drop-down menu in the upper right of the status area in the information panel.

> . If restarting the app does not help you recover the application, select its row in the table and select *Delete* from the drop-down menu in the upper right of the status area in the information panel and confirm the deletion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. If restarting the app does not help you recover the application, select its row in the table and select *Delete* from the drop-down menu in the upper right of the status area in the information panel, and confirm the deletion.
```

. Navigate back to the message flow related to the app you just deleted and deploy the message flow.

> Consider the following when performing a delete:

Reviewer: This intro and list belongs with the previous step, not this deployment step.

> ** If you delete the `DocumentProcessingService` or the `APIReplicationService`, deploying any flow results in the redeployment of those apps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** If you delete `DocumentProcessingService` or `APIReplicationService`, deploying any flow results in the redeployment of those apps.
```

> ** If you delete any of the inbound and/or outbound and/or ack apps, you have to redeploy the specific flow corresponding to the deleted apps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** If you delete any of the inbound, outbound, or ack apps, you must redeploy the flow that corresponds to the deleted apps.
```

> If all these scenarios have been verified successfully, and you still cannot deploy message flows, please raise a case on MuleSoft’s customer portal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you still cannot deploy message flows, raise a case on the MuleSoft customer portal.
```
Are we really supposed to send readers to support, and what is the precise name of the portal?

// == See Also
// Add links to any related errors, if required. You might need to add links about the concept of the component where the error occurs, or perhaps the absence of the requirement which caused the error.
// * xref:file-name.adoc[link-text]

> //add any pertinent links

Reviewer: INCOMPLETE
